Update CHANGELOG.md for MSAL 4.47.2 (#3728)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

4.47.2
==========

### New Features
- Hide legacy API's that are available only to internal Microsoft only (1P) applications. See [3670](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3670).

> - Soft deprecate `WithAuthority` API, instead use `WithTenantId` or `WithTenantIdFromAuthority`, or `WithB2CAuthority` for B2C authorities. See [#3716](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3716)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Soft deprecate `WithAuthority` API on AcquireTokenXXX methods. Instead use `WithTenantId` or `WithTenantIdFromAuthority`, or `WithB2CAuthority` for B2C authorities. See [#3716](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3716)
```

4.47.2
==========

### New Features
- Hide legacy API's that are available only to internal Microsoft only (1P) applications. See [3670](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3670).

> - Soft deprecate `WithAuthority` API, instead use `WithTenantId` or `WithTenantIdFromAuthority`, or `WithB2CAuthority` for B2C authorities.. See [#3716](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3716)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Soft deprecate `WithAuthority` API, instead use `WithTenantId` or `WithTenantIdFromAuthority`, or `WithB2CAuthority` for B2C authorities. See [#3716](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3716)
```

- Logging error codes to MSAL Telemetry. See [3595](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3595)
- Add more logging around client creds and claims. See [3707](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/3707).
- Improve extensibility APIs to support new POP

### Bug Fixes
- Improved error messages when new preview broker exceptions are thrown. [#3696](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/3696)
- MSAL will now throw an exception if no scopes are passed for the new preview Broker or for B2C scenarios. See [#3675](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3675)

> - Remove MacCatalyst from MSAL. See [#3693](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3693)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Removed .NET 6 MacCatalyst target because MSAL.NET doesn't currently support it. See [#3693](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3693)
```

> - Throw an exception when Runtime dll's are not loaded when invoking the new WAM broker. See [#3699](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3699)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Throw an exception when new WAM DLLs are not loaded when invoking the new WAM preview broker. See [#3699](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3699)
```

### Supportability

> - Updated Microsoft.Identity.Client Package description to include MAUI. See [#3672](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3672)

Reviewer 2: I would exclude this - doesn't affect users and we mentioned in previous releases that we released MAUI support.
